improve reference text to secure storage connector (#752)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/app/features/teams.md

### Secure storage connector

> The team-level secure storage connector allows teams to use their own cloud storage bucket with W&B. This provides greater data access control and data isolation for teams with highly sensitive data or strict compliance requirements. See the [Secure Storage Connector](../../hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector.md) page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team-level secure storage connector allows teams to use their own cloud storage bucket with W&B. This provides greater data access control and data isolation for teams with highly sensitive data or strict compliance requirements. Refer to [Secure Storage Connector](../../hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector.md) for more information.
```
